Name:Date Performed:Course/Section:Date Submitted:Instructor: Semester and SY: Special Prelim Exams1.  Objectives:1.1 Configure remote and local machine to connect via SSH using a KEY instead of using a password1.2 Create a public key and private key and verify connectivity  2.  Instructions: (note: Create screenshots for all instructions’ tasks)2.1 Create the following network topology in VirtualBox. You can use Ubuntu as your preferred OS. 2.2 On Server 1 and 2, edit the hostname to server1 and server2 respectively. Also, edit the hosts and change the workstation name to server1 and server2 respectively. Reboot both servers. 2.3 On Server 1 and 2, do the following:2.3.1   update and upgrade the servers2.3.2   install openssh-server
2.3.3   verify if the SSH server has started for2.3.4   configure the firewall allowing port 222.4 Record the IP address of Server 1, 2, and the local machine. 2.4.1   Connectivity test from local machine to Server 12.4.2   Connectivity test from local machine to Server 22.4.3   Connectivity test from Server 1 to local machine2.4.4   Connectivity test from Server 2 to local machine2.4.5   Connectivity test from Server 1 to Server 22.4.6   Connectivity test from Server 2 to Server 12.5 Verify SSH connectivity:2.5.1   SSH from local machine to Server 12.5.2   SSH from local machine to Server 22.6 On the local machine, create an SSH key pair for user authentication: use the command ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 40962.7 On the local machine, copy the public key (id_rsa.pub) to Server 1 and 2. Show that you are able to SSH both servers without entering password. 2.8 On the local the local machine, install git. 2.9 Go to your GitHub account and do the following: 2.9.1   Create a repository and named it as prelim_special2.9.2   Add a README.md file. 2.9.3   On your GitHub settings, delete your previous SSH key (if you have), and create a new SSH key. Copy the public key and paste it here. 2.9.4   Clone the repository you created. You may copy the SSH link of the repository you created and paste it on the command to clone the repository on your local machine. 2.9.5   Personalize your git (name and email address). 2.10    Edit your README.md file. Copy the text of all the instructions of the special exam and paste it on your markdown file. Do the following:2.10.1 Verify git status2.10.2 Add README.md file to the staging area
2.10.3 Commit the changes2.10.4 Push the changes to the remote repository (GitHub)2.10.5 On GitHub, show the changes, commit and text of the README.md file. "I affirm that I shall not give or receive any unauthorized help on this exam, and that all work shall be my own."
